README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="logo.png"/>
</p>

![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mrdemonwolf/share.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/mrdemonwolf/share.svg?logo=git&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mrdemonwolf/share)
[![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Project%20Progress-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello)](https://trello.com/b/uljnYGOg "Follow the project progress here.")
![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/mrdemonwolf/share?style=for-the-badge)
# What is Share?
Simple yet advanced **NodeJS**, **MongoDB** and **Express** based uploader.  Allows users to upload files,images, and text with moderation tools for admins.  Plus users can see uploads for there account and simple remove ones.  Admins can view all and remove ones that don't follow the rules. Can be used for friends and family or just for you.  Built for [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/) at the moment but more uploaders will be supported.

## Getting started

### Download
You can now download the release [here](/releases/latest)

You can also fork,clone,download from github for pre release builds and development.
* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/MrDemonWolf/share.git`
* [Fork, Clone, or Download on GitHub](/)

### Installation
Before installing, [download and install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

If your a user then please read the setup guide here.

If you want to help out development read this here.

<!-- Add other helps in the code base here -->

## Changelog
Check the changelogs [here](https://mrdemonwolf.github.io/share/docs/changelog/)

## Issues
Have a bug or an issue with this app? [Open a new issue](/issues) here on GitHub.

## Contributing
Want to contribute? Check out our [Code of Conduct]() and [Contributing]() docs. Please check issues [here](/issues)

## Testing
```bash
$ npm run test
```

## Linting
```bash
$ npm run lint
```

## License
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MrDemonWolf/share.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)

## Let's get connected
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MrDemonWolf.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/MrDemonWolf)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/nathanhenniges.svg?label=Follow&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/nathanhenniges/)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@MrDemonWolf&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/MrDemonWolf/)

Commit message:

Updated readme to include the new cli tool.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="logo.png"/>
</p>

![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mrdemonwolf/share.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/mrdemonwolf/share.svg?logo=git&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mrdemonwolf/share)
[![Trello](https://img.shields.io/badge/Project%20Progress-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello)](https://trello.com/b/uljnYGOg "Follow the project progress here.")
![Travis (.com)](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/mrdemonwolf/share?style=for-the-badge)
# What is Share?
Simple yet advanced **NodeJS**, **MongoDB** and **Express** based uploader.  Allows users to upload files,images, and text with moderation tools for admins.  Plus users can see uploads for there account and simple remove ones.  Admins can view all and remove ones that don't follow the rules. Can be used for friends and family or just for you.  Built for [ShareX](https://getsharex.com/) at the moment but more uploaders will be supported.

## Getting started

### Download
You can now download the release [here](/releases/latest)

You can also fork,clone,download from github for pre release builds and development.
* Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/MrDemonWolf/share.git`
* [Fork, Clone, or Download on GitHub](/)

### Installation
Before installing, [download and install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).

If your a user then please read the setup guide here.

If you want to help out development read this here.

<!-- Add other helps in the code base here -->

## CLI
Share now has a officially has a CLI tool for both Linux and Windows.  (Linux may work on macOS) Check out the project [here](https://www.github.com/mrdemonwolf/share-cli)

## Changelog
Check the changelogs [here](https://mrdemonwolf.github.io/share/docs/changelog/)

## Issues
Have a bug or an issue with this app? [Open a new issue](/issues) here on GitHub.

## Contributing
Want to contribute? Check out our [Code of Conduct]() and [Contributing]() docs. Please check issues [here](/issues)

## Testing
```bash
$ npm run test
```

## Linting
```bash
$ npm run lint
```

## License
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/MrDemonWolf/share.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)

## Let's get connected
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MrDemonWolf.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/MrDemonWolf)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/nathanhenniges.svg?label=Follow&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/nathanhenniges/)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=follow&message=@MrDemonWolf&color=grey&logo=instagram&style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white&colorA=critical)](https://www.instagram.com/MrDemonWolf/)
